# Final Project: Game Design Document

## Story
In this game, the player takes on the role of the son of a wealthy man named
Yiyu, who has passed away and left behind a large number of gold coins scattered
throughout his playground. The goal of the game is for the player to find all
the gold coins within 60 seconds to unlock a special reward: a picture of Yiyu.
The game's main message is about the importance of family and the legacy that
parents leave behind.

## Characters
The player is the main character of the game, the son of Yiyu. There are no NPCs
in this game.

## Environment/Level
The game takes place in a playground that is scattered with a large number of
gold coins. The playground is designed to be visually appealing and is bright
and colorful. The environment is meant to represent the happiness and joy of
childhood.

## Gameplay
The gameplay of the game is simple. The player has 60 seconds to collect all the
gold coins scattered throughout the playground. The player must navigate the
environment to find all the coins. The player must avoid obstacles in the
playground. The player wins the game when they find all the gold coins within
the time limit.

## Art Description
The game's graphics are designed to be bright and colorful, and the style is
simple and cartoon-like. The gold coins are shiny and stand out from the
environment, making them easy for the player to spot. The art style is meant to
convey the fun and light-hearted nature of the game.

## Sound
The game features a cheerful and upbeat background music to enhance the player's
enjoyment of the game. Additionally, there is a distinct coin pick up sound
effect each time the player collects a gold coin. The sound effect is designed
to be satisfying and rewarding, providing positive feedback to the player's
progress in the game. The sound effects and music are balanced to be audible but
not overwhelming, creating an immersive experience for the player.

## User Interface and Controls
The game is played using a mouse and keyboard. The player uses keys 'W', 'A',
'S' and 'D' to move around the playground, the spacebar to jump over obstacles,
and the sift key to sprint. The user interface is simple and minimalistic. The
player will be prompted that the game is over if the time is up and not all the
coins are collected.
